Release v0.20.0 (#912)
informalsystems/tendermint-rs: .changelog/v0.20.0/summary.md

*Jun 22, 2021*

This release's number is bumped up to v0.20.0 due to two minor breaking changes
in our public APIs (see the breaking changes section below for details).

Also, since nobody was really making use of the Light Node, we decided to remove
its crate from the repo for now. If anyone needs it back, please contact us and
we'll restore it (although, we are considering migrating any and all binaries to

> their own repositories in future to separate framework-level concerns from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
their own repositories in the future to separate library-level concerns from
```

operational ones).

The `tendermint-p2p` crate is still undergoing significant expansion (thanks to

> @xla and @melekes!). A lot's been done and we're in the process of finalizing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@xla and @melekes)! A lot's been done and we're in the process of finalizing
```

Author: The "thanks" part is parenthesized and emphasized :slightly_smiling_face:

Reviewer: I was suggesting the change, because it breaks the link to the user profile.

Author: Ah, I see. Let's just take the exclamation mark out?

```suggestion
@xla and @melekes). A lot's been done and we're in the process of finalizing
```

Reviewer: Sounds good.

this new architecture, which will form the basis for future work towards

> building a Tendermint full node/validator in Rust. More on this in future

Reviewer: ```suggestion
building more Tendermint nodes in Rust. More on this in future
```
